Hello today, you're talking about 1 brand
I will tell you a little of my heating
about 60 square greenhouses
meters
waste oil stove
Now we do not start writing but otpizdili
fuel containers barrels 200 liter
which are on the fuel line
collage oil goes
application in
using this pump
who's there for 12 volts
this world i
pump
injection takes place
working out
in the oven than plus this
ways the very end places the country with
using pumps so that you can accurately
adjust feed regardless
viscosity versus temperature here
can .
filing
here is help
from somewhere
a door
on the button
for luck try when you're in a dream
it's on the ambulance still added
brought
can be controlled so by
occupancy
voltmeter dyk possible
and here with the help
here
cabinet
stove and ironing
First of all
altai firing which is part of the chimney
will prove behind all the tricks of the part brother not
formed here and
also
this
it's surface is too cool
due to the fact that I find myself
and it is blown about ruin and shroud
opens through these gaps coming out
Greece eat heat turns out well, pretty
effective I can
hand on and hold on
and here above where did when
decreasing the purchase chimney or
temperature right now somewhere on the level
Well, it feels like
50 60 degrees when frosty
nights of February
with the wind on the piker and power stove
there was such a temperature that is already difficult
there was a hand when applying to this
Of course, now it's morning temperature
look now who
16 degrees for something to start the night for
nights to start the day this is optimal but
Now we are considering the optimal
temperature for the plant for 17 degrees
add a little power or can
be due to solar some part
heating even today overcast and see
included additional lighting
lamps given here in the most remote
removed from my stove , too, but for
of control
another thermometer here we look like that
to
I can clearly see
So
Here's the temperature, too, about 16 and 17
degrees that is pretty going
uniform heat distribution system
fuel supply
burning with quite stable in the stove and
service is of course minimal at night
don't have to practically get up and
occasionally alarm
alarm based sensor
here's a water temperature sensor
because you can
the rationale for this sensor and when it
turns on about why that's why
just about you going to the house on a squeaker
like some kind of toy
beeps and alerts you
the fact that there is a problem with the heat
either the electricity went off or else
what is there under littered like
fuel line but that was literally
for February one case this year their
close I have two or three case
kill these for
Well, now a little bit of merit
obvious but now we don't get it out
which are also very obvious behind these
possible deficiencies and I have
stop using this stove
you see smoke is not black is not
unexpressed any exhaust
periodical from the pipe especially at the peak
power crashes so here they are
pieces of soot though visually
play fuel
ok and here are these soot bits and fly
children on the roof have to periodically
we are a greenhouse and of course I will try
up front and this is a garden here for me here
fruit trees here that the color of apple
raspberry blackberries pour so here vegetables
being grown so i maybe because
environmental
reasons to refuse to use the stove
although if for someone it’s not critical
probably you can use this stove
here is the next turn here under construction
greenhouses have actually been erected there
there will be wood heating
This is already a new time for the show.
are watching